Add WebXR Hit Test reference docs - pt2 (#8090)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xrtransientinputhittestsource/index.md

---
title: XRTransientInputHitTestSource
slug: Web/API/XRTransientInputHitTestSource
tags:
  - API
  - Interface
  - Reference
  - WebXR
  - XR
  - AR
  - VR
browser-compat: api.XRTransientInputHitTestSource
---
{{APIRef("WebXR Device API")}} {{secureContext_header}}

> The **`XRTransientInputHitTestSource`** interface of the [WebXR Device API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API) handles transient input hit test subscriptions. You can get an `XRTransientInputHitTestSource` object by using the {{domxref("XRSession.requestHitTestSourceForTransientInput()")}} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`XRTransientInputHitTestSource`** interface of the [WebXR Device API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebXR_Device_API) handles transient input hit test subscriptions. You can get an `XRTransientInputHitTestSource` object by calling the {{domxref("XRSession.requestHitTestSourceForTransientInput()")}}.
```

> This object doesn't itself contain transient input hit test results, but it is used to compute hit tests for each {{domxref("XRFrame")}} using {{domxref("XRFrame.getHitTestResultsForTransientInput()")}} method which returns {{domxref("XRTransientInputHitTestResult")}} objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object doesn't itself contain transient input hit test results, but it is used to compute hit tests for each {{domxref("XRFrame")}} by calling {{domxref("XRFrame.getHitTestResultsForTransientInput()")}}, which returns {{domxref("XRTransientInputHitTestResult")}} objects.
```
